Change AAS documentation (#12958)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/azure_app_services.md

DogStatsd.Increment("sample.startup");
```

> <div class="alert alert-info">Note that if you want to send custom metrics while disabling tracing altogether, you can set the following variables in your application's config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">**Note**: To send only custom metrics (while disabling tracing) set the following variables in your application's config:
```

Author: Fixed in 0d7b9c5ffb638618c789d280c59c44b4aed688c6 (as it's HTML, the markdown notation for bold won't work)

Reviewer: >as it's HTML, the markdown notation for bold won't work

In which case, will 

```
Set `DD_TRACE_ENABLED` to `false`
```

work? 🤔

> <div class="alert alert-info"><b>Note:</b> To send only custom metrics (while disabling tracing) set the following variables in your application's config:
>   <div>- Set `DD_TRACE_ENABLED` to `false`.</div>
>   <div>- Set `DD_AAS_ENABLE_CUSTOM_METRICS` to `true`.</div>
> </div>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: To send only custom metrics (while disabling tracing) set the following variables in your application's config:
  - Set `DD_TRACE_ENABLED` to `false`.
  - Set `DD_AAS_ENABLE_CUSTOM_METRICS` to `true`.
```

Blue callout boxes are typically only used for beta flags / etc.

>   <p class="alert alert-info">- Set the `DD_TRACE_ENABLED` to false.</p>
>   <p class="alert alert-info">- Set `DD_AAS_ENABLE_CUSTOM_METRICS` to true.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p class="alert alert-info">- Set `DD_TRACE_ENABLED` to `false`.</p>
  <p class="alert alert-info">- Set `DD_AAS_ENABLE_CUSTOM_METRICS` to `true`.</p>
```

Author: Thanks, this made me realize that I didn't push the last version of my code (div instead of paragraphs).
Fixed in 0d7b9c5ffb638618c789d280c59c44b4aed688c6
